Step lively. children.
We have a mission to do.
Number One. round up the children.
Let's go. Get your asses in gear.
My man. Diego.
My ass is always in gear.
Come on. guys. Come on.
Are you kidding me. Klaus?
You just got back from rehab!
I'm California sober. Allison.
Come on. guys. Just hurry up.
Dad's waiting!
Ben!
- Why aren't you dressed?
- I'm not going.
But we'll be one man down.
Relax. Vanya can take my place.
I wanna help you guys.
- Dad?
- Narc.
Number Six. Why aren't you dressed?
He says he's not going.
And what do you think you're doing?
I just... I thought I could help
on this mission.
Take that off immediately.
You look ridiculous.
A Moldovan arms dealer
has acquired a deadly new weapon.
It's being held in a shipping container.
awaiting a buyer.
Your mission is
to locate and destroy the weapon
before the deal can be made.
- Number One will take point.
- What about me? What should I do?
Stop asking questions.
Now. children. whatever you do.
it is imperative that you
keep the weapon contained.
Do not. under any circumstances.
open the container.
Is that understood?
Very well.
It's time. children.
Buckle up. children.
Prepare for departure.
Tangos. three o'clock.
Go.
Yeah. this is the one. Let's go.
Guys!
Go. I got this!
- Are you sure?
- I got this!
Okay. Diego. Allison. Klaus.
you're on me. Let's go.
Is someone in there?
It's okay.
I'm here to help. What's your name?
Jennifer.
My name is Ben.
I'm gonna get you out of here. okay?
Can you trust me?
Take my hand.
Ben! What the hell are you doing?
There's someone in here.
We have to get her out.
That wasn't part of the plan.
So what? You're gonna blow up
an innocent girl?
- But Dad said...
- I don't give a fuck what Dad said!
We need to help her.
Ben. wait!
Shit!
Dad. we got a bit of a problem.
Dad?
Okay. let's go. Ben.
I told you not to open the container.
Dad?
Oh my God.
You murdered our brother!
And Jennifer.
- Son of a bitch.
- Children!
Whatever anger you may feel
towards me is misdirected.
May I remind you
that it was
the other Sir Reginald Hargreeves
who committed this horrible act?
What are you going on about?
When we were kids. the "other" Hargreeves
killed Ben and Jennifer.
And he had a perfectly valid reason
for doing so.
They were two innocent kids!
Who would have set off
a cataclysmic chain of events.
leading to the extinction of all humanity.
You are no different
than the other Hargreeves.
You're both fucking psychopaths!
It's not his fault.
Reg is not responsible for what happened
to your brother and that poor girl.
I am.
Years ago. I synthesized a new element.
The very essence of the universe.
The particle we know as marigold.
And at the same moment. unbeknownst to me.
a second particle was created.
Durango.
When marigold and durango interact.
they cause... a reaction.
a physical reaction.
Unstoppable. irrevocable.
The extinction of everything we know.
The Cleanse.
By the time I realized what was happening.
it was too late for our world.
You couldn't have known. darling.
I... don't mean to be a dick and all.
but what the fuck does any of this
have to do with us?
The other particle.
it is inside of Jennifer.
That's why it's imperative
that none of you
can come into contact with her.
What happens if we do?
We end the world.
Saw that coming.
Uh...
Guys?
We... may have a problem.
- Slow down.
- We've gotta keep moving.
No.
End of the line.
I'm not going any further with you.
Where are you gonna go?
I'll figure it out.
Why did I even bother
saving your ungrateful ass?
A good question.
We met. what. 36 hours ago?
In that time. you've killed.
like. two dozen people.
Yeah. to protect you.
From what?
Do you even know?
I didn't ask for any of this.
I... I don't even know what this is.
But you and me. we're...
we're connected somehow.
Let's just...
Let's get some rest.
and we can figure this out together.
Please?
Come on. We gotta move.
I don't understand.
What? You just let him go?
Well. how was I supposed to know
Ben was infected with this...
whatever this thing is?
Great work. Luther. Really great.
The rash on his arm.
What did it look like?
I dunno. It was just kind of...
You know. it kind of looked like
that thing that Klaus caught
when he came home from Ibiza.
Are you a doctor?
Or do you just play one
at bachelorette parties?
Hey!
I am a professional dancer.
Luther. was there anything unusual
about this rash?
No. It was just. you know. red.
And glowing.
And pulsating.
You didn't think maybe
that was worth bringing up?
I just thought it had to do
with our powers coming back.
I mean. we've all been having issues.
I know I have.
I've heard enough.
Whoa! What are you doing?
- It's time to hunt.
- He's gonna kill Ben all over again.
One of the hosts must be eliminated
before the reaction is complete.
Reaction?
You do realize that you're talking about
human beings and not lab rats. correct?
Reggie. please listen to your children.
You can't just murder him.
She's right. There has to be another way.
I understand.
You've grown attached to your brother.
But you don't seem to appreciate
what's at stake here.
We must act before it's too late.
How about you shut your mouth?
How dare you!
I think it's high time you realize
you're not running the show
here anymore. old man.
Don't even think about it!
Do you think these childish theatrics
will stop me?
Okay. well.
I can step it up a notch if you like.
Viktor. please don't hurt him!
Why not? Why shouldn't I?
All he does is hurt everybody else.
Ben. Jennifer. me.
All of us.
Spare me the waterworks.
One life isn't more important
than the entire planet.
Oh. but your wife's is.
You stuck your nose in
where it didn't belong.
and you allowed Jennifer to escape.
This is your fault!
Oh no. no. no! This is your fault!
My whole life.
all I wanted was for you to see me.
to make me a part of the team.
Instead. you treated me like I was broken.
And I believed you.
I thought you knew me
better than I knew myself.
but I know now you don't know shit!
You're the failure!
You're the reason this happened!
And I am not gonna let you kill Ben!
Not now. not ever!
Am I clear?
Viktor.
That's enough.
You and your father.
Both so headstrong.
You took your sweet time.
What is it?
Oh.
What?
It seems we may have found your brother.
You are in luck. my dear.
Our most gifted medium is in today.
Looking good. champ.
I'll be back in 30.
Enjoy.
Please.
Don't be shy. Come on in.
Have a seat.
Name of the deceased?
Uh. Richard.
- Oh.
- But he preferred Dick.
Ha! Don't we all?
And how old was Dick?
Sixty-two.
Died a month ago today.
Swerved to miss a deer
and drove headfirst over a cliff.
Oh God! That's tragic.
Ever since. I just...
I feel like he's been... haunting me.
Hauntings are rare. honey.
He's just stuck. is all.
It's when we can't let go.
neither can they.
Hmm.
Yes.
Beloved Dick.
we are reaching out to you.
Commune with us.
Commune with us!
Move among us!
Eyes. please.
Yes. Closed. Closed.
Keep 'em closed. That's it.
He's... he's passing over the great divide
between our world and his.
Don't you feel him?
I do! I do!
Is he... here?
Oh. I'm here. baby.
Well. uh...
Tell me something
that only... only I would know.
Tell her...
she has an ass like a Georgia peach.
Well.
he says
you have a derriere
as beautiful as a Georgia...
Georgia peach!
Yes.
Oh! He's here.
He's with us.
Can I
touch him?
Oh baby. Come to Daddy.
Well. that part
is a little trickier. cowboy.
Well. the man outside said
that you would be able to provide certain...
services of a...
fleshly nature.
It's 500 for the full service.
There's an ATM in the lobby.
Come on. You're gonna charge her?
I brought cash.
Wonderful!
All right.
Hop on board. Dick.
Dick?
You bet your sweet peachy ass!
Mmm! It really is you.
Yeah. baby! Oh baby! I missed you!
Give it to Daddy!
Okay. Ben is an asshole.
I'll give you that. But a mass murderer?
Turned everyone into haggis.
And they have terrible taste in tattoos.
Some next-level psycho shit.
This could have been a rescue mission.
More likely a massacre by two individuals
who are growing increasingly violent
by the minute.
You don't know that.
All right. so my guys tell me
that this whole farm actually belongs
to those two lunatics
who ambushed us at New Grumpson.
Gene and Jean Thibedeau.
Well. maybe Ben killed them too.
Forensics found fresh tracks
leading out of the barn.
- My guess is they escaped.
- They couldn't have gotten far.
Based on the signs of rigor.
I'd say time of death was
six. maybe seven hours ago.
How do you know that?
Wichita. PD.
Thursday nights at 9/8 Central.
Ready the car.
I gotta make a call.
You thinking what I'm thinking?
Rarely.
There might be a way to stop all this.
The answer is no.
Hey. you didn't even
let me ask the question.
I know I'm gonna hate it.
Why waste the oxygen?
Why don't we use
that little time choo-choo.
go back in time.
and stop the coming Armageddon?
How would that work?
Well. we travel back
to the original Jennifer incident.
Stop your Ben from ever touching that Jen.
Lila. if you recall.
we almost got our heads blown off.
- Mmm.
- All right?
Plus. it would never work
without a briefcase.
Stop being such a baby. It's worth a shot.
Clearly the rules are different this time.
Maybe we don't even need a briefcase.
You must have those powers
for a reason. right?
Let's use it.
All right. fine.
First sign of trouble. we're coming back.
You do have one problem though.
I don't suppose
we can explain any of this to him.
He's like a sponge
that can take no more water.
It's a shame.
Can I talk to you for a second?
Do you mind?
Yeah.
That thing you said earlier
about needing a break.
You don't love me anymore?
Of course I still love you.
but you make this so hard. Diego.
What? How? What...
Every day. me and the kids
have to watch you moping around the house.
complaining about your life.
your job. your in-laws. your fat belly.
You're just as bored as I am.
Remember. you're the one
that snuck out to those Keeper meetings.
I took my big bag of shit out of the house
so no one else has to deal with it.
This is our life. my love.
If you're not in it.
then what's the point?
He must be considered
armed and extremely dangerous.
Be prepared to eliminate on sight.
I can save him.
Look around. He's beyond saving.
Don't make me put you down again.
Very well. then. What's your big idea?
Just give me a moment. and I can explain.
- Sir?
- Mr. Five.
I thought you said
you had this situation under control.
The situation is proving
more kinetic than anticipated.
No shit. We have
the Texas Tentacle Massacre out here.
Okay. I need to know
who's responsible for this bloodbath.
Well. sir. I do have a few leads.
but I need a favor before I can follow up.
I'm listening.
Okay. you see these two idiots over there?
Those are my brothers.
Now. they're kind of stepping
all over the crime scene.
asking dumb questions. getting in my way.
Do you mind taking 'em back to HQ?
You know. show 'em around.
Maybe let them hold some guns.
You're asking me to babysit.
You want this case solved. don't you?
You owe me. Five.
Diego! Luther!
Come over here.
I wanna introduce you to my boss.
Deputy Director Lance Ribbons.
It's an honor to meet you. sir.
Hello. Lance.
I understand you gentlemen have
a keen interest in the CIA.
I'd love to give you an insider's look.
if you're interested.
- No. not really...
- Are you kidding?
We're in.
Good.
Meet me at the office.
What?
Why do I have to go?
'Cause he wants both of us.
Come on. Luther.
I really need this right now. man.
Life sucks.
All right. fine.
Yes!
- We're gonna need suits.
- Suits?
Yeah. man.
Gotta look the part. playboy.
Did you steal those from a dead guy?
Come on. Come on. come on. Klaus.
Claire? Sweetheart. what happened?
I'm on my way.
Welcome to King Reg.
Would you like to try
our two-for-one King Chikkadoo sandwich?
Once upon a time.
I had bad oysters in Cairo.
Pull forward to the window. please.
Do you know why my dog is called Rolex?
Because he's a watchdog.
Shut her down. hon.
Yes!
Come again. Lovely to see you.
So nice to see you.
Okay. thank you very much. Thank you.
Okay. Bye-bye. Goodbye.
Thank you. sir.
Claire?
- Honey. are you okay?
- I tried to stop him.
It's okay. It's okay.
It's all right. It's not your fault. okay?
You need to understand.
your uncle has a disease.
He's really. really sick.
What about you?
What happened to your face. Mom?
Where were you?
Maybe it's time
to look at your side of the street.
Excuse me?
If you know this. why do you keep
letting him into your life?
You need to address
your inability to set healthy boundaries.
Okay. little miss.
You're a little young to understand
my relationship with my brother.
Jesus.
Ever since we were kids.
this is what he does.
He messes up. He gets in some shit.
And who does he call? Me.
But he needs me.
He needs us.
Uncle Klaus is immortal. right?
Yeah. So?
So why do you keep trying to save someone
who can literally save himself?
When did you get so smart?
Guess I got it from my mom.
What a mess.
So are we gonna go look for him or...
Maybe just this once.
Yeah. I'll go change.
Five hundred bucks in 30 minutes?
You know. at this rate.
I'm gonna have that debt paid off
in no time.
No time at all.
That's what you think.
Hey. what are you doing?
- Hey. that's not fair!
- Hey!
- That's for food.
- What?
For rent. For supplies.
Are you kidding me?
What do you think? Sage grows on trees?
Fuck.
Dom's cut. Pirate's cut. My cut.
And that is for the party favors
we went through last night.
What's it gonna be. my little star?
That's what I thought.
Pace yourself.
Got a busy night ahead of you.
Yeah. baby!
Go! Go! Go!
See that board over here?
Let's go.
Any updates on our missing person?
No. ma'am. but we are still waiting
for some teams to report in.
Top marks. Bea.
Was there something else?
Um. there's somebody asking to see you.
- Name?
- He wouldn't say.
And you let him in?
He... He knew the code phrase.
Bring him over.
She's doing her best.
Don't you defend her.
Can we help you?
I very much hope so.
Denny Muntz. Red Deer chapter.
Never heard of it.
Well. we're small. but I assure you.
we're all true believers.
You've helped so many people
find the truth. Jean.
May... May I call you Jean?
No. you may not.
Gene!
Don't be rude.
Of course you can. Mr. Muntz.
- Please have a seat.
- Oh. thank you.
Tight squeeze.
State your business here.
I want to...
discuss the missing girl.
Are you hungry. Mr. Muntz?
Because they have
a hell of a chicken sandwich here.
- I could eat. Jean.
- Yeah.
Thank you.
Chikkadoo.
Dave. it's at the theater!
Hey.
Thought you were sleeping.
I feel like
I'm going insane.
I haven't been able
to stop thinking about you since we met.
Same.
I've never felt this way
about anyone before.
I feel like
breaking down this wall right now.
Look.
I appreciate you saving me
from those lunatics.
but once we get some rest.
I think it's best
if we go our separate ways.
How am I supposed to do that?
Where am I supposed to go?
Back to your family.
Those people aren't my family.
My family died a long time ago.
Mine too.
Well.
if they ever even existed.
What do you mean?
When I was six.
I was pulled out of the stomach
of a giant squid.
It was on the news and everything.
I was never identified.
Nobody ever came to claim me.
Must have tossed me overboard.
It's a miracle I even survived.
Ben? You still there?
Look.
Obviously. we're meant to be together.
Me with my tentacles.
You. the miracle squid girl.
That has to be fate. right?
What channel are you on?
Six.
It's The Blob.
I love this movie.
Me too.
No. Danny! Wait!
What goes?
Okay.
Do exactly what we did last time.
Just ride one stop eastbound.
Go up to the apocalypse timeline.
Avoid getting killed.
and warp back to 2006.
Stop Ben from ever going
on the Moldovan mission. Got that?
Relax. It's a rookie time travel mission.
We've done this a thousand times.
But time travel-wise.
I don't get the whole subway thing. right?
I'm much more of
a DeLorean kind of person. yeah?
Just in case...
After you.
Shit!
Oh. goddamn it!
The lady is back for more.
Oh. hello.
Look at you.
Stacking up repeat customers already.
So.
more Dick?
Yes. please.
Our beloved Ricardo.
Come back for round two.
Commune
with us
once more.
Oh. I knew
you couldn't stay away. baby.
- What's gotten into you?
- Shut your mouth.
Where's the money. Richard?
What? What money?
Don't play dumb with me.
I checked the safe deposit box.
It's gone.
I don't know what you're talking about!
Uh-huh.
You know. for 20 years. I stood by.
and I watched you squander our money
to dice and hussies.
And I will be damned
if I let you take it to the grave.
Where is it?
I'll never tell you. you heartless whore.
Dick?
Dick? Dick?
He's gone.
Oh. can you please
unhand my... my treasures. please?
Ow!
Well. that was a waste.
I'm not paying for that.
I know.
I know where he hid the money.
And I'll tell you.
But first. you gotta help me
get the hell out of here.
Start talking.
The brooch.
Give me the brooch.
then I'll tell you the location.
What's going on in there?
All right.
It's the First National Bank of Zurich.
- Passcode?
- Brooch first.
The password is "Thunderbolt."
Oh. he always loved that damn dog
more than me.
That was pretty fast.
It was quite good.
- See you next time.
- Toodle-oo.
Cha-ching.
Not bad. not bad.
Oh. just be careful with that tie.
Tends to end up in your G-string.
Wait. you're wearing a G-string?
You're not?
- Never mind. Come on.
- Wait.
What are we doing here anyway?
We should be out there finding Ben.
not holed up in some office.
- Some office?
- Yeah.
Luther.
you're standing in the heart of
the most powerful intelligence apparatus
in the history of the world!
I mean.
intelligence. bro.
This is how we find Ben.
He's just excited.
Okay. Broken vending machine. Australia.
Three burnt-out light bulbs.
See? Your poetry book came in handy.
All right.
Knowing me. I probably set a trap.
so be careful.
All right. There's no sign of him.
Okay. Well. let's get going
before you start farting.
Yeah.
Ready? 2006. here we come.
Did it work?
Are we here?
I don't know.
October 14. 2006.
Great. Okay.
So we go in. we snuff Ben out.
we get back on the tube.
we're back before bath time.
We're not here to kill him. Lila.
We're just diverting him. Making sure
he doesn't go on the Moldova mission.
- Mmm.
- I haven't seen him in. like. five years.
So he might be a little jumpy.
Just play it cool.
Like polar bear nipples.
Oh shit!
Step lively. children.
We have a mission to do.
Number One. round up the children!
Let's go. Get your asses in gear.
My man. Diego.
My ass is always in gear.
Come on. guys.
Are you kidding me?
You just got out of rehab.
I'm California sober. Alphonso.
Alphonso?
Umbrellas.
Sparrows.
- Who's that?
- We're in the wrong timeline.
- We need to go.
- Hey!
- Who the hell are you?
- Rude.
I was gonna ask you the same thing.
We're the Phoenix Academy.
And we're about to fuck you up.
Okay. slight hiccup.
You think?
Okay. Well. look.
We're in the wrong timeline.
but clearly. we're in the neighborhood.
Neighborhood of what?
Christ. I never should have
listened to you.
Chill out. Five!
We'll figure it out. okay? You know why?
Because someone brought a map.
Hmm.
All right.
Look. we're here.
Take this train three stops
to this squiggly line.
Transfer at the division symbol.
Oh fuck!
Oh no. wait!
We're here.
Two stops on the ampersand.
- No more winging it.
- Is that an umlaut or an ablaut?
Let's get back to where we came from.
Now!
- Hey!
- What? Do you wanna miss the train?
Well. who made you in charge?
Jesus! You were gonna leave without me.
All right.
Come to Mama.
Come on. baby.
Oh. oh. oh!
Wait.
Yes!
Sweet delicious Jesus. you bitch!
Come to Mama!
Oh freedom.
Freedom.
All right. baby. freedom.
Goddamn you. Thunderbolt.
Bingo.
What do we got here?
This isn't a dog corpse.
Oh my God!
Thank you. thank you. Thunderbolt.
Surprise.
How did you...
Oh. Richard never trusted banks. sweetie.
And I knew that you were fibbing.
So I waited till you got yourself free.
and I followed you here.
Well. you are right on time.
Very. very punctual.
How about we call it a 50/50 split?
I mean. that seems fair to me.
I'm more than happy
to just take my finder's fee
slash digging-for-several-hours fee
and be on my merry way. all right?
How about I shoot you
in the face?
Just...
All right.
I could probably get down to. uh...
0%.
- I could probably live with that.
- Yeah.
Just take it.
Right there. I see 'em.
Always good to keep a rat around.
'cause they sniff out the cheese.
Okay. back up. This is my estate.
- That's what you think.
- Run out of people to pimp?
- What are you doing?
- Funny. lady.
You find that gun in a Cracker Jack box?
Had to bring
your big boys with you?
That's right.
How about I put a hole in that jacket?
Try it.
Oh my God!
I was so not expecting that.
Oh. well. All right.
Oh. Quinn!
Thank God you're alive!
Guess you found a way
to finally pay that debt off.
So we're even now. right?
Yeah.
Can you give me a hand. please?
- You want a hand? Yeah?
- Yeah.
Here's your fucking hand.
Fucking tweaker.
Ow! Ow. that hurt.
Ha ha! Very funny.
Quinn. could you open this goddamn lid?
Quinn!
Quinn.
Quinn! Stop playing around! Open...
Quinn! Open up!
Open up! Open up!
A year or two should do the trick.
Please help! Help me!
Help me!
Help!
Help me. please! Someone!
Let's hear it. then. Your brilliant plan.
- I can remove Ben's marigold.
- That's not possible.
I've done it before.
I assume it wasn't without risk.
- It had its challenges.
- Then why would you want to do it again?
'Cause he's my brother.
A meaningless connection.
You're wrong.
Really?
You never did understand
what it means to be a part of a family.
And thank goodness for that.
You children bicker constantly.
Yeah!
Yeah. And we drive each other crazy.
That's why I moved
as far away from them as possible.
But when things go to hell.
which inevitably they do.
they're there for me.
More evidence
humans are an inferior species.
If that's what you think.
I feel sorry for you.
Spare me your pity. boy.
Even with your powers.
I am your superior in every way.
Maybe.
But in every timeline.
you're also a complete asshole.
That was our stop.
...the express.
- Bollocks.
- Shit.